TOWA: Towa and Setsuna.
Between us half‐demon twins,
two different worlds
exist at the same time...
human and demon,
feudal era and present day,
peace and war,
joy and sorrow,
dreams and reality,
now and forever,
and finally, love and hate...
a Feudal Fairy Tale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[birds chirping]
ATTENDANT: Our master
will now see you.
AIYA: All of you
may now raise your heads.
[all gasp]
‐ Uh...
‐ Wait a minute.
‐ Who is she?
‐ Were you surprised,
demon slayers?
It was not my father
who called you here, but me.
I am Aiya, the daughter
of Ogigayatsu Hiiragi Danjo.
[laughs]
‐ I see.
‐ So she's
the Excellency's daughter?
‐ I guess.
‐ Now, demon slayers,
which one of you is the chief?
HISUI: Unfortunately
our chief is currently absent.
‐ Absent? How vexing.
I don't know if it's
even worth talking to you
if your chief is not here
to represent you.
‐ Please! In his absence,
I'll take full responsibility
in heeding your request.
What is the nature
of the job you have for us?
‐ Oh! So you're willing
to take his place, are you?
Are you itching
to know that badly?
Of course you are!
You must be pining
to hear me out!
‐ What? I never said that.
‐ Well, who can blame you?
If you decide
to accept this assignment,
you might even have
the distinguished honor
of joining the esteemed
mercenary forces of my father.
[laughs]
‐ We'd get to serve
under His Excellency?
‐ That'd be amazing.
‐ We'd never have to worry
about money again.
‐ Yes, doesn't that thought
fill you with jubilation?
What more
could you ever ask for?!
However, what I am
offering you right now
is in fact
not a demon‐slaying job.
[all gasp]
‐ It's a contest!
‐ Uh...
‐ [swallows]
‐ A contest?
‐ If you emerge victorious
in this special exhibition
of mine, then you'll receive
the privilege
of joining our forces.
[all gasp]
‐ Allow me to introduce you
to your opponents.
Come on in, and make
yourself known, bounty hunters!
‐ [laughs] Mmm!
‐ Hmph. [chuckles]
‐ [cackles]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [laughs]
You demon slayers
may be thinking
this is hardly a challenge
for someone of your talents,
but if I told you we were
only just getting started,
I'm sure you would grovel
with anticipation.
[laughs]
‐ This princess...
‐ She sure knows
how to amuse herself.
‐ No kidding.
‐ Now...
would you kindly fetch me
the other bounty hunter?
‐ Let go of me!
Damn it!
What the hell is going on?!
Someone's got
some explaining to do!
‐ [laughs]
I hear that you have
a rather unique girl
in your ranks,
demon slayers,
so taking the Corpse Dealer
Jyubei's recommendation,
I'm having this girl join
the ranks of the bounty hunters.
That should make things
challenging for you, yes?
There's no way you could decline
such a thrilling proposal!
I look forward
to a most grand spectacle!
[laughs]
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Princess Aiya's
Beniyasha Hunting."
NANASUKE: If we win,
we can join the Shogunate.
Can you imagine
how great that would be?
‐ Yeah, it would, but even so,
is it really OK
to go ahead with this
without the Chief's permission,
Hisui?
‐ My uncle has always
been taking care of us.
It's time for us to repay
some of that kindness.
Don't worry.
I have a plan in mind.
[bird shrieks]
‐ TAKECHIYO: Hey, Moroha.
‐ Uh...
‐ How'd everything go?
‐ Damn it.
Why do I have to fight
in a stupid contest
hosted by some spoiled princess?
I'm a demon killer,
not a gladiator!
On top of that, I have to attend
some kind of long,
boring strategy meeting.
‐ There's still
quite a bit of debt left over
from your former master,
so I'm not really sure
what you were expecting here.
Any money you earn
from this exhibition
will go straight
to Master Jyubei.
‐ Figures.
‐ Oh, right.
‐ Hmm?
‐ The demon slayers wanted me
to hand this note off to you,
so here you go.
‐ What's this say?
SETSUNA: You want me
to fight Moroha?
‐ Yeah. The job
from the princess
is to battle with a group
of bounty hunters.
I'm not worried
about taking the others on,
but fighting Moroha
will be challenging for sure.
‐ Hmm.
HISUI: So will you help us out?
‐ On the condition that we
keep this a secret from Towa.
[birds chirping]
‐ [moans]
[yawns]
[sighs]
What the...
Good morning, Moroha.
Where did Setsuna go?
‐ Uh, where's Setsuna?!
I have no idea! [laughs]
‐ Okay. Are you
heading out on a mission?
‐ Something like that.
‐ But it's so early
in the morning.
‐ Yeah, it is,
but you gotta get a head start
when you're about
to jump into a big fight.
I'll catch you later!
‐ 'Kay, be safe out there!
[gasps] What was it
Moroha said she was going off
to do right now?
Wait! "A big fight"?!
Hey! Moroha, wait!
[groans] I have to let
Setsuna know what's happening.
‐ Phew. I almost let
our little secret slip to Towa.
‐ You're a real pain
in the rear.
Remind me why I always
have to come with you on these?
‐ You forgot already?
If we succeed,
I agreed to give you
those candies from Towa.
You know, the Rock Paper Scissor
chocolates you love.
‐ [grumbles]
Is this plan
really gonna work, though?
‐ Of course it will.
Our plan is perfect.
‐ I'm not so sure,
but I guess I have no choice.
You better be right!
‐ [panting]
Setsuna, you in here?
Huh? Where is everyone?
‐ [meowing]
‐ Oh, hey, Kirara.
Do you know where Setsuna
might have gone off to?
Moroha might need help.
‐ [meows]
PORTER: Heave‐ho! Heave‐ho!
Heave‐ho! Heave‐ho!
‐ Heave‐ho! Heave‐ho!
‐ [laughs]
Today will be so much fun!
Come on, fellas!
Pick up the pace!
[wind blowing]
NANASUKE: So where are
the bounty hunters?
ROKUTA: Yeah, they're late.
[Hisui sighs]
[Setsuna grunts]
‐ Come on, come on!
Just start the show already!
‐ [conch blows]
‐ Finally!
[demon slayers gasp]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Huh?
NANASUKE: Huh?
ROKUTA: Was there
always a castle here?
‐ Did they build it overnight?!
‐ For a bounty, I'll even
erect a castle from scratch!
I am Lady, the bounty hunter!
‐ For a bounty, I am willing
to sneak anywhere! Huah!
I am Ninja, the bounty hunter!
‐ I see in my crystal ball
that we will win this battle!
In our business,
we call that un‐fortune‐ate!
I'm Granny, the bounty hunter!
‐ Brawn over brains,
am I right?!
[grunts]
I am the bounty hunter's Muscle!
‐ Uh...
‐ Your turn, dear.
‐ Uh, what do I do?
‐ We just
went over this yesterday!
‐ Oh, that's right.
I am Moroha!
Moroha, the Demon Killer!
‐ We are the strongest
bounty hunters in the land,
and we always get...
ALL: Our bounty!
‐ Wait. Was that my cue?!
Uh, our bounty!
ROKUTA: What's up with them?
NANASUKE: Please don't make us
introduce ourselves like that
‐ No, let's just
get this over with.
‐ I agree.
HISUI: Fire!
‐ Something is
flying towards us.
‐ Everyone, commence attack!
‐ But they're oil pots!
How are we
supposed to attack those?!
‐ [scoffs]
I'll just use my muscles!
‐ Slow down there, buddy!
Muscles aren't
gonna solve this.
Shouldn't we
just make a run for‐‐
Uhh! That doesn't look good.
‐ Huh?
‐ [yelps]
‐ [jabbers]
[both yell]
ROKUTA: Really?
That's all it took?
NANASUKE: The castle's
already burning.
‐ [sighs]
‐ The princess wanted to see
a spectacle, didn't she?
Then let's keep
more of 'em coming!
‐ Yes, sir!
‐ [yelps]
‐ [pants] Uhh!
‐ [panting]
Whoa!
‐ [jabbers]
[yelps]
‐ Wow! I should have expected
no less from the demon slayers.
Yes! That's it! More fire!
[laughs]
‐ [panting]
[yelps]
What the hell
are they doing over there?!
I don't remember this
being part of the plan!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [snarls]
‐ [gasps] Kirara!
Think you can close in
‐ on that area over there?
‐ [snarls]
‐ [wailing]
[wood creaking]
‐ It's going to fall!
Everyone, run for your lives!
‐ [grunts]
Aren't they going
a little too far with this?
Uh...
Huh?
Damn it. I really
wasn't prepared for this.
‐ TOWA: Moroha!
‐ Uh, huh?
[Kirara snarls]
‐ Moroha, I'm here to help you!
‐ Wait. Towa? Why is she here?!
‐ Climb aboard!
‐ [snarls]
‐ Huh?
‐ Uh...
‐ Towa and Kirara?
Did you tell them?
‐ No, I didn't. Did you?
‐ What?! No, 'course not.
‐ Does any of that
really matter at this point?
[all stammer]
‐ Well, whatever the case,
we're in a bit of a bind now.
‐ We're all
on this ship together.
No choice
but to weather the storm.
Let me decide
how to handle Towa.
‐ Moroha, why are you
involved in a battle?
‐ Well, that's because
I had no choice
but to get myself
involved with it, you know?
‐ Even if that's the case, why
are you fighting by yourself?
‐ Uh, well,
I did have a team, but...
‐ Was this a job
from Mr. Jyubei
because of the debt
you still owe him?
‐ Uh, something like that.
[chuckles]
‐ This isn't
something to laugh about!
I wanted to let Setsuna
know what's going on,
but I wasn't able
to find her anywhere.
‐ I have a feeling
you'll find her soon.
‐ Huh?
‐ Are you looking for me?
‐ [chuckles]
TOWA: Setsuna!
‐ We're in the middle
of a battle.
I advise you
not to get in our way.
‐ You're here, too? But why?
‐ At this moment, I am
simply carrying out my duty
as a member
of the demon slayers.
‐ Yeah! Right now,
Setsuna and I are squaring off
in the middle
of an epic battle!
‐ Then does that mean the people
you're fighting are actually...
the demon slayers?
ROKUTA: Hey,
what are we gonna do?
‐ Yeah, it wasn't in the plan
for Towa to get involved.
‐ If we give up now,
it'll all be for nothing.
Setsuna should be reasoning
with Towa right now,
so let's continue on
with our plan. [grunts]
[oil pots whistling]
‐ Eh?
‐ Huh?
‐ [yelps]
[yelps]
‐ [panting]
‐ [yelling]
‐ This is just awful.
I'm gonna head over
and talk to the demon slayers.
‐ No, don't go out there, Towa!
‐ This is none of your business!
‐ Huh?
This whole thing is wrong,
and you know it!
Why do you and Moroha
have to fight each other?
All of us here are friends,
aren't we?
‐ And remind me
who decided such a thing.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Once again, Towa,
you're far too soft.
You only see
what's on the surface
and not the truth
that's beneath it.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Mm‐hmm. Mm‐hmm.
‐ If you insist
on getting in our way...
I will have
to take you down as well!
‐ Uh...
[explosions rumbling]
AIYA: Excuse me?
Why are those girls
just standing around,
chattering with one another
like that?
This is the most boring thing
ever to watch!
Come on!
Fight each other already!
I wanna see some sparks fly
out there! You hear me?!
‐ Princess, please,
calm yourself.
We wouldn't want you
to fall now!
‐ [gasping]
Come on, Setsuna.
I don't want to fight you
like this!
‐ Yeah, I agree. I think
this is all going a bit too far.
‐ Silence!
Scourge of Swallows!
‐ Towa, get the hell
out of the way!
ROKUTA: Looks like
instead of a grand battle...
‐ It's become
a sisterly quarrel.
‐ Never mind all that.
Let's just take care of Moroha.
Are you still here?
‐ You betcha!
‐ [groans]
‐ Towa, are you OK?
‐ Think so.
‐ Setsuna, watch it.
You're being too rough.
‐ We have to see this through
'til the end.
‐ You serious?
‐ [grunts]
‐ [growls]
You are unbelievable.
Fine! If we're really
going through with this,
I'm gonna win this battle
and take that bounty home!
‐ The victor shall be me.
I accepted the job,
and I shall finish it!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Crimson Dragon Wave!
‐ Cyclone Burst!
‐ Please stop this
pointless fighting, both of you!
‐ My! So this is what a battle
between young ladies looks like?
How utterly exquisite!
I must see more!
‐ Hah!
‐ [yells]
[both yelling]
‐ I said stop it, you two!
If they're
not gonna listen to me,
I'll have to break it up myself!
[yells]
[oil pot whistles]
[all yelp]
‐ [yelling]
What the hell?!
Why is that thing
following me?
Go away!
[yelps]
‐ [both gasp]
‐ Moroha.
‐ Was it a dud?
‐ Looks like it.
Moroha.
‐ [gasps, groans]
Ow.
I'll get you back for this!
‐ What a relief.
‐ Maybe for you.
‐ Eh?
‐ Towa, I'm sorry,
but we need to defeat Moroha.
‐ Hisui. Not you, too!
‐ Need I remind you, Towa?
A demon slayer follows
a job through to completion.
‐ That's just the way it is.
Now let us do our job.
‐ There's no way I can do that.
If you won't leave Moroha alone,
then I'll protect her
with everything I've got.
‐ Uh...
‐ That's unfortunate.
I guess that means
we'll have to go all out, too!
‐ Wait! You're not actually
being serious, are you?
[both grunt]
‐ Hiraikotsu!
[both gasp]
[whoosh]
‐ [gasps] Moroha!
‐ [laughs]
[giggles]
What a spectacular show.
I feel much better now that
she's gotten her just desserts.
[laughs]
‐ Then, Princess, does that mean
you will be enlisting them
in your father's guard?
‐ [laughs]
Of course not.
Father would never consent
to such an agreement.
That was merely a lie
I spun out of thin air.
‐ KOHAKU: Thought so.
‐ Eh?
‐ GUARDS: Hmm?
‐ Who would you be?
State your name!
‐ I would be the Chief
of the demon slayers.
My name is Kohaku.
‐ [panting]
Moroha?
Come on. Wake up.
Moroha!
‐ OK, that's a wrap
on the mission.
‐ Now that we've
finished the job,
we can join the Shogunate!
‐ Money!
‐ Hold on. [shudders]
Money? That's what
all of this was about?!
How could you guys choose money
over the life of our friend?!
‐ Relax, Towa.
I'm right over here.
‐ [gasps]
Moroha? Is that you?
Then who am I holding?
TAKECHIYO: Hey, Towa.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [whoosh]
‐ [chuckles]
‐ Uh...
‐ Come on. Let's switch.
‐ I got you covered. [grunts]
I can disguise my scent
with this, too.
‐ Towa.
We should come clean
with you about the battle.
There was a bit more to it.
How so?
Wait. You're saying
this fight had a fixed outcome?
‐ Precisely.
‐ [groans]
‐ This was all planned
from the beginning.
‐ Winning the battle,
joining the Shogunate,
if we can pull that off,
then we'll pretty much be set.
KOHAKU: That's not
going to happen.
[Towa gasps]
BOTH: Welcome back, Chief!
‐ Sorry to be
the bearer of bad news,
but the Princess
lied about that offer.
[demon slayers gasp]
‐ Oh, come on!
‐ TOWA: Huh?
‐ Uncle, I'm sorry.
I thought if we won,
we'd be able to give you
a better life.
‐ Hisui, listen closely.
Demon slayers exist in order
to help those who are in need.
And in order to accomplish this,
we must put their interests
in front of our own.
I want you
to etch those thoughts
deeply upon your heart.
‐ I've been foolish. Forgive me.
BOTH: Forgive us as well.
‐ Unbelievable.
Offering employment
without my express consent.
Setting up a grand spectacle.
Such insolent behavior!
‐ [winces]
You don't understand, Father!
I couldn't just do nothing!
GUARD: Intruder!
GUARD 2: After them!
‐ [clatter]
‐ Hmm?
GUARD 1: Do not
let them through!
GUARD 2: You are in
the presence of His Excellency!
MOROHA: Shut up!
‐ Eh? [gasps]
[splat]
[gasps]
[grumbles]
That girl sullying my kimono
made me so upset,
I wanted to scream.
‐ Be that as it may, there are
some things you cannot do.
Understand?
‐ [sobs]
Forgive me.
[sobbing]
I'll never do it again.
‐ [sighs]
‐ [grunts]
[birds chirping]
‐ Hey, don't be mad at us, Towa.
We would have told you, but...
you know you're a terrible liar.
‐ We only did what we had to,
not that you'd understand.
[both grunt]
‐ [gasps]
I was so worried.
I thought I'd lost you two.
The fact you're OK, Moroha,
and you're the same
as always, Setsuna,
it makes me‐‐it makes me
so relived knowing that.
‐ [chuckles]
‐ I would have preferred
if you had yelled at us instead.
I feel kinda guilty now.
‐ Yeah.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: When Setsuna
was still little,
she lived in a hidden village
beyond the valley.
SHIORI: You seem to be tied
to a strange destiny.
SETSUNA: Miss Shiori
is a half‐demon
with the ability
to create barriers.
She uses this
to protect her village.
TOWA: But demons who are after
the half‐demon children
show up.
DEMON:
Suffer inside my poison fog!
TOWA: Next time on Yashahime,
"The Hidden Village
for Half Demons."
SETSUNA: If demons come here,
then it's to eat
or kill us half‐demons.